{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f28\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f29\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f31\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f32\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f33\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f34\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f35\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\title What Is LaunchpadPro}{\author Preferred Customer}
{\operator Preferred Customer}{\creatim\yr2002\mo8\dy10\hr18\min54}{\revtim\yr2002\mo8\dy10\hr18\min54}{\version2}{\edmins1}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords251}{\nofchars1434}{\*\company Dell Computer Corporation}{\nofcharsws1761}{\vern8247}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl 
{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\fs20 What Is LaunchpadPro?
\par }{\fs20 LaunchpadPro is a free open source program launching utility. It allows easy one touch access to launching many programs at the same time. Simply build your list and load it. You can even tell launchpad to use a password to protect you.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\fs20\ul How To:}{\b\fs20 
\par 
\par 
\par Make A List:
\par }{\fs20 Click the "Add Item" button. This will open a dialog that you can select executable files (programs). Such as .EXE, .BAT, .COM, .PIF. It will then add that item to your list. 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\fs20 Remove An Item From the List:
\par }{\fs20 Simply select the item you would like to remove and click the "Remove Item" button.
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\fs20 Clear The List Completely:
\par }{\fs20 Hit the "Clear List" button.
\par 
\par }{\b\fs20 Open Or Save A List:
\par }{\fs20 When you save a list it is automatically saved as a .txt (text) file. Name it whatever you like, but do remember the name. When you choose to open a list, it will only show you .txt (text) files to make the selection easy and safe.
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\fs20 Launching A Program(s):
\par }{\fs20 To launch one (1) program, select the item and click the "Launch" button. If you would like to launch all the items in your list simply click the "Launch All" button. Each program will start.
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\fs20 Use The "Options" Control Panel:
\par }{\fs20 Click on the "Options" button. This will bring up the options control panel. In this area you can select whether you want LaunchpadPro to prompt you for a password before the program can start and before it can launch any other programs.}{\b\fs20 
 }{\fs20 Also, this is where you can tell LaunchpadPro to load a list at the start of the program, this will save you time if you have only one list that you use at only one time (ie- when your system first starts).
\par }{\b\fs20 *Note: If you set a password and cannot remember it, you will have to edit the registry, a potentially dangerous option. REMEMBER ANY PASSWORD YOU SET!}{\fs20 
\par }}